[Music]
you're celebrating your birthday with
your family but your favorite tv show
characters are hunting you down for
sports and there's no way to escape
when your childhood dreams are turned
into a horrifying death trap what do you
do
you'll be shocked at how far these fenaf
inspired creatures are willing to go by
the end of the movie to feed their
bloodlust
i'm going to break down the mistakes
made what you should do and how to beat
every evil animatronic in the banana
splits movie
this birthday party is going to turn
into a funeral
the family has gathered to celebrate
harley's 7th birthday and the kid is a
little disappointed with his gifts but
when his stepfather reveals that they
bought tickets to watch the boy's
favorite tv show as a live audience he
can't believe his luck
this kid is a die-hard fan of the banana
splits but these friendly animatronics
are going to turn into murdering
psychopaths and they'll be putting on a
show so horrifying at the end it'll give
this boy nightmares for the rest of his
life
they go to the studio lot where the live
show is being taped and a whole crowd of
fans
are waiting at the entrance nobody is
allowed to record anything inside and
the staff collects everyone's phones but
that's when the banana splits arrive
harley here is so excited that he stands
in front of their car to wave hello but
they stop inches away from running him
over
they don't even seem to care that they
nearly killed this kid and his mother
pulls him out of the road before they
drive away
okay i can already see where this is
going this boy is so obsessed with his
tv idols that he can't even recognize
danger when it's staring him in the face
and this is going to become a serious
problem later on
we can all remember as little kids when
we had our favorite tv show whether it
was spongebob
adventure time or even teletubbies but
imagine if those teletubbies nearly ran
you over
and drove off without even so much as an
apology this would be gut wrenching and
even at seven years old it should be
enough to make you stop being their fans
forever
instead this kid defended them saying
that they would never hurt him and this
kind of thinking is exactly how you end
up at neverland ranch
when these animatronics are going to go
full terminator on them
that kind of blind trust is a serious
problem now we can't put all the blame
on the kid here because his parents
shouldn't have even bought these tickets
in the first place
tv shows like this normally target the
age group of one to four years old and
this kid
is seven he should be watching captain
america and playing minecraft because
he's way too old for this stuff
when harley here realizes what's
underneath these warm and fuzzy
exteriors and finally gets to see the
show for what it really is
he's going to be scarred for life and if
the parents hadn't reinforced this poor
kid's stunted development he would be
watching age-appropriate violence on a
4k tv
instead of seeing dead bodies with
lollipops shoved down their throats live
and in theater
the banana splits enter the studio and
they all line up in front of the
mechanic who wants to make some
adjustments before the show begins
one of them enters the booth where he
plugs it in for a tune-up but the
mechanic doesn't realize there's a
glitch in the software
backstage the head of the network is in
his office and tells the producers over
the phone that he plans to cancel the
banana splits program after tonight but
doesn't realize that someone else is
listening in
that's when he hears a strange noise
from across the room and he gets out to
check it out
looking behind the curtains he's
surprised to see one of the animatronics
standing there smiling but it's just a
distraction
the man is kidnapped by another robot
with no one coming to his rescue
and the next time we see him he's going
to experience the most brutal death you
could possibly imagine
okay let's get one thing out of the way
here these things
look nothing like animatronics and it's
pretty ridiculous if you take it at face
value but imagine meeting one of these
things face to face and it's a different
story
these robots don't need to look
convincing to be able to murder you and
your entire family
and it puts a horrifying turn on this
whole scenario for decades
some of the brightest minds in the world
like stephen hawking and elon musk have
been telling the public that artificial
intelligence is mankind's greatest
threat they just didn't imagine that
this threat would be born in a failing
entertainment center and that honestly
makes it a hundred times scarier
computers have already been able to
outsmart humanity's greatest strategists
in both chess and go which has
infinite possibilities they're also able
to learn from their surroundings and all
this can even be generated by a
computer-based neural network that
mimics how a human brain works with
surprising accuracy
even on a physical level boston dynamics
have been able to develop robots that
can run
walk like a human and travel difficult
terrain it's only a matter of time that
these are combined into a highly logical
conscious mind that can fight back and
think for itself and when you put all
that deadly potential into these four
creatures here
we should be pissing our pants which is
exactly why they need to protect
themselves from ai with a wallet
built with rfid blocking technology is
your wallet
bulky heavy and uncomfortable unlike big
and bulky wallets
the ridge wallet is the perfect size
that can hold up to 12
cards plus room for cash every ridge
wallet is made with rfid blocking
technology that protects you against
digital theft and it makes a great
father's day gift that will spare your
dad from an ai robot overlord
these wallets are actually so durable
they come with a lifetime warranty
this one i personally love is made out
of carbon fiber which is very
lightweight but five times stronger than
steel
guaranteed to survive an apocalypse in
fact the wallets have over forty
thousand
five star reviews and the ridge team is
so confident you'll like their wallet
they'll let you test drive it for 45
days and you can send it back for a full
refund
if you don't absolutely love it just
imagine these gore-seeking animatronics
getting access to all that you hold dear
better get a few wallets for you and
your family just in case use my link in
the description
ridge.com how to beat and my coupon code
how to beat to get 10 off your ridge
wallet purchase
thank you to the ridge wallet for
sponsoring this video the show begins
and all the kids are excited to see
their favorite characters
as they walk onto the stage there's
flegel the dog snorky the elephant
bingo the ape drooper the lion and
stevie here
everyone is enjoying the show and the
group plays their theme song to close
the set
but that's when drooper violently knocks
the man's leg out from under him
they all laugh but harvey here realizes
something is very wrong with the
animatronics
his mom thinks it's just a part of the
show but he's the only one in the
audience that can tell these robots are
not behaving normally and they're all
going to realize that this will turn
into a bloodbath
starting with stevie here backstage
after the show
stevie is completely wasted and is
pissed off at drooper for knocking him
down on stage
taunting the robots he tells them that
he hates performing with them
every single night before he walks into
his changing room and closes the door
but drooper here decides to take it
personally later the man finds the robot
inside his room and tells it to leave
but it won't move
he spits a mouthful of alcohol in its
face but the robot snatches a giant
lollipop off a shelf
grabs the man and shoves the whole thing
straight down his throat
blood starts gushing out of his mouth
and he becomes the first person to be
brutally murdered by the banana splits
okay stevie here never had a chance and
his first mistake was being a blackout
drunk
through the course of this man's evening
he's had nine drinks of whiskey and he
was already half naked in a bathrobe
when we started counting his drinks
now i don't know where that is on a
drunk scale but if the man wasn't
hammered there's one thing he could have
done that might have given him a chance
even if this machine is stronger than
you and can't feel pain
it still needs to see it here in order
to interact with its environment
and that's exactly why i would go
straight for the eyes to defeat it
when you're in a situation like this you
need to react quickly and use what you
have around you and right now the
closest thing around us are racks of
clothes
so the best thing to do here is grab
these clothes and throw them over the
animatronics eyes to block its vision
for as long as possible
a robot would most likely want to deal
with its impaired vision as a priority
because it leaves it vulnerable to
attack
that means it will stop trying to kill
you for just long enough to take the
clothes off its head and it's both the
quickest and most effective way to
create a distraction and get yourself in
a better position to escape
now if we were brave enough you could
take this one step further and use this
opportunity to kill it
given how much alcohol this man drinks i
try to grab a bottle of whiskey and
break it over the robot's head
the liquid might be able to
short-circuit his electronics and that
could either fry its computer or slow it
down
then to destroy the body there's one
more thing here we could take advantage
of
it might be a machine on the inside but
it's pure cotton and plastic on the
outside
so if we found a lighter we could set it
on fire and it should be enough to burn
away all his circuits and kill it
some of the audience members are led on
a tour backstage where they finally get
to meet the banana splits
the fans jump in and start taking
pictures with the animatronics but this
father here has a secret ulterior motive
and sneaks a way to find the producer of
the show the tour guide spots him
leaving and chases after him but
as they leave snorky here realizes he's
not being watched
this animatronic has already killed
dozens of people and has thrown their
bodies down in the basement
outside the studio his stepfather has
managed to get his phone back but when
his wife finds him he quickly hangs up
he tells her he's been sorting things
out with the office but she doesn't
believe him
and takes his phone out of his hand
finding out he's been having an affair
with his assistant
austin comes out to confront the man but
the stepfather is fed up with both of
them and says he'll wait by the car
now snarky here has the man alone and
the stepfather doesn't realize that he's
about to be hunted for sport
later in the parking lot this dead that
hears something in the distance and the
man realizes that the animatronic is
driving straight at him
he starts running for his life but drops
his phone and snarky runs it over with
his car
the stepfather finds a security guard
standing in the guard house and reaches
out to the man for help but is shocked
to find the guy's head fall off and into
his hands
horrified at what he's holding the man
backs away and snorky runs him down with
his car
okay this man definitely could have
avoided this if he was paying attention
but i think it's fair to say he had it
coming to him now what's interesting
here is that snarky went completely out
of his way to run this man down and if
we can figure out why we can predict the
robot's behavior and survive longer than
everyone else
when he was inside the studio all the
guests wandered off and snarky here was
alone with these two
seven-year-old kids completely
unsupervised but instead of killing easy
prey he targeted this douchebag
stepfather
this tells us these robots have rules
for who they decide to kill and that
means we can predict who they will kill
next
first the robots captured the head of
the network who was going to cancel
their show
then they killed stevie who was a drunk
and didn't respect anyone
by looking at the pattern that's
developing we'd find that all the people
that are either missing or dead
are rude and disrespectful men we don't
know anything about the security guard
but earlier when he stopped them and the
boy was excited to meet the banana
splits
this was his expression so he probably
fits the profile too
with all this in mind this guy will be
hunted if he tries to go back and save
his family and since he's already
cheated on his wife he might as well
leave him behind because he had a great
chance to escape here
if i were him i would have checked the
dead security guard's pockets because
not only would we find the keys to every
single exit but also a phone
we can even use facial recognition to
unlock it since we still have his
severed head and call an uber to take us
home
it's definitely low life behavior but at
this point dealing with the cops
might be easier than dealing with the
wife so for a man who's already willing
to throw away his family
it's the most logical decision to make
meanwhile dad and his girlfriend start
live streaming using his girlfriend's
phone and decides now is the perfect
moment to propose to her
she's overwhelmed with excitement at
being engaged but that's when one of the
animatronics walks up and interrupts
them
seeing the man has a phone legal here
takes it away and puts it inside the bag
for a magic trick
he starts beating it with a wand and
breaks the phone into pieces destroying
their last chance to call for help
grabbing thad he shoves him into this
magician's box and locks him inside with
no way to escape
inserting the blade into the slit legal
the dog forces the girl to cut her new
fiance
in half and doesn't let her go until the
saw is all the way through his body
it's sickening and when flegel here
pulls the box apart the man's guts spill
out on the floor
the robot then grabs the girl by the
throat but she fights back and rips off
his furry hand
to reveal a metal arm inside he's about
to finish her off but when he hears the
kid's voices in the distance he walks
off to find them
these robots want to do something so
horrible to these kids by the end that
you'll honestly be surprised the movie
would take such a dark turn
okay i know we should feel bad for this
girl here because she just lost her
boyfriend
but let's remember that this guy
proposed to her in the studio of a
creepy children's show
full of robots that's not the kind of
guy you want to spend the rest of your
life with so maybe she should be looking
at the glass half full here
now even if she's just sidestepped a bad
marriage this is still
absolutely terrifying but this death was
so brutal it's easy to miss
one key detail here this is a magician's
box but these things are always designed
to fit two people inside to create the
illusion of sawing someone in half
what's incredibly disturbing is that
this one is designed for a single person
logically there's no reason to have this
unless you were actually using this box
to kill people for real which means that
this
isn't a one-time thing since the
animatronics didn't build a set
then somebody from the studio is helping
these robots murder people and we can't
trust a single person who works for this
show now fleegle was about to kill this
girl but stopped as soon as he heard the
kid's voice
this tells us that hunting children is a
higher priority for these animatronics
than killing a woman and it's starting
to show us a hierarchy here for who they
are more likely to target with men
all the way at the top and children
coming second if i'm a kid in this
situation there's only one thing we can
do here and that's to throw
every adult under the bus i need to make
sure i'm staying with one of the dads
because based on the pattern so far
these animatronics are going to kill the
men first before they chase after us
kids and that's going to give us time to
escape
we need to protect ourselves by grouping
with those who are higher on the kill
order and it's cold blooded but it's the
best chance at survival
fleegle finds the kids and asks hardy
here if it knows where snorky the
elephant
is the robot nods its head agreeing to
take them to meet the other animatronic
but seeing its robotic hand
harley here doesn't trust it his friend
zoe convinces him to go together to meet
his favorite character and the kids
leave the room with no idea that this
thing
just murdered someone only moments ago
meanwhile this father here is lurking
around in the studio offices
he thinks his daughter can become a
child star and wants to introduce her to
one of the show's producers
he finds the network head's office and
walks in to meet him but instead
he finds drooper the lion inside the
animatronic burns his face
using an aerosol can flamethrower and
his daughter runs away screaming but she
gets cornered by bingo here and shoved
into a sack
these robots are killing the adults and
abducting the children to add her to
their private collection they're keeping
downstairs and there are two more kids
that they still have left to collect
before they can get what they want
okay this pattern is becoming a lot more
clear because now we might actually know
what it wants
up to this point it was only killing
people and finding the most horrifying
ways to do it
even drooper here is having a great time
watching the man's face melt off
this time however it's finally got its
hands on a kid and instead of killing
her it looks like it's killing all the
adults in order to abduct the kids
now if this is really what these
animatronics want then these parents
have a tough decision to make here
because we could use these kids as bait
to lure the robots in
and ambush them we just saw earlier that
even the sound of a kid's voice will
stop it dead in its tracks to search for
the child
and if we aren't using that in our
strategy then it's a missed opportunity
this father had a great chance to kill
two birds with one stone here because if
he wanted to impress the producers with
his daughters while acting talent
using her as live bait to catch and kill
the robots could be the addition of a
lifetime
she would be terrified and that display
of genuine emotion might impress them
enough to land her a role in their next
tv show but if the plan fails and she's
captured by robots then maybe she wasn't
talented enough to begin with
and he should just make another one
austin and his mother return inside to
the sound stage only to find that
everyone is missing including her son
that's when the tour guide walks in with
the producer and they reassure her that
they're all probably exploring the other
sets
suddenly a man walks through the door
and they seize the father who is torched
by drooper the lion
the others check on him and find out he
was attacked by one of the animatronics
the producer tells the tour guide to
call the cops immediately and the girl
runs off to get help
but the mother realizes that the kids
are in grave danger and they go looking
for the children on their own
meanwhile the kids are taken to the
workshop where the animatronics are
repaired and hardy here asks if they can
meet snarky now
the robot points to the other end of the
room and they find a little girl locked
away in a cage as fleegle pushes them
inside and locks the door
shut okay up until now every single
person in the building has been
completely free to leave whenever they
wanted
the doors weren't locked and nobody was
trapped inside the problem is that
nobody ever knew these robots were
killing adults and capturing kids until
it was too late
even without phones this whole problem
could have been very easily solved by
simply driving out to contact the police
even pulling the fire alarm will bring
more people into this equation to help
the search
and the more people there are the less
likely you will get cornered by an evil
animatronic and kill
now with that said these robots are
clearly programmed by a set of rules
and it must be against their protocols
to hurt children or else they would have
done so already so the best strategy
here is to befriend
these robots if we can't beat them then
we should join them fleegle here has
already demonstrated that he can
understand
and communicate with us so i would offer
them help to round up and kill
all the adults as kids we actually have
a great bargaining chip here because
right now the animatronics need to chase
and catch the grown-ups to kill them but
if they use
children to lure the parents in that
makes it much easier to hunt them down
so it's very logical for the robots to
accept their help
this gives us the perfect opportunity to
sabotage them and figure out how to turn
these machines off
all robots need a power source to work
and have an off switch that can be
easily accessed for the mechanic or
technician
while we're on hunting the grown-ups we
might have enough time to find a switch
and shut them down before they figure
out what we're up to
beth here searches for her son harley
but as she walks into a stage she hears
a beating drum
when suddenly bingo the animatronic
pulls austin here up into the air
she turns around and panics when she
realizes her son has disappeared
looking up the woman finds him being
held hostage and her motherly instincts
kick in
angry she runs up to the rafters and
sneaks up behind bingo here
tossing him over the ledge as he falls
to his death with her son now safe the
mother goes downstairs to find this girl
nailing by her dead boyfriend
and she's still traumatized by his death
she asks her where her son hardly is and
finds out he was taken by fleegle
okay we've finally managed to take out
one of these animatronics and there's
three more to go but bingo here made a
huge mistake by revealing an excellent
strategy to defeat him and
all his robot friends as well on the
ground they're stronger than us know the
studios lay out better than us and can
sneak up when we least expect them to
but if we get them high enough in the
air we now know that it's enough to
break them
this levels the playing field and it's
the perfect place to set a trap like
this
studios like these have catwalks in
every room that hold the lights for
their sets so even though it's dangerous
for us to be up there it's just as
dangerous for these robots
i would use a strategy with every single
robot by luring them up as high as
they're willing to follow me and have
someone knock them off the catwalk to
their deaths
they're machines so there's no reason
for them to be afraid of heights and as
long as they don't see the bodies of the
other animatronics they will all fall
for the bait
now this brings me to another important
point here because even if we manage to
knock one down
it's still an advanced piece of
technology these things feel no pain and
are made out of a hard metal skeleton so
there's a reasonable chance this thing
is still alive and it might get back up
to hunt us down like a t-800
by running away these two wasted their
best and only opportunity to pummel the
crap out of this robot to make sure it's
completely destroyed
if you're ever in a survival scenario
and you think you've killed your
opponent
don't stop there because overkilling is
the best and only solution to staying
alive
i would beat the crap out of this thing
until it's a dead pile of junk and only
when i'm absolutely sure there's no
conceivable way this thing could walk or
talk again
am i willing to turn my back on it and
walk away in the workshop the kids are
trying to escape
when the mechanic enters the room zoe
here begs the man to let them out but
the guy says he can't
and shows them his chopped up fingers he
tells them the animatronics he built
have gone rogue since they learned their
shows being cancelled and won't listen
to him
anymore so he has no choice but to obey
them that's when harvey tells him that
he loves these robots and wants to help
them get fixed
hearing this the man has a change of
heart he's about to unlock the door but
gets distracted when he sees drooper the
line dragging bingo into the workshop
and drops the keys running over to the
broken animatronic the kids quickly drag
the keychain into their cell and unlock
the gate
they escape the cage and the mechanic
tries to stop them but hardly pokes him
with a hot metal rod and they throw the
man
into the cage locking it behind him this
man is now trapped but soon he's going
to help turn one of his guests into a
psychopathic killer
just like his robot children and you'll
never guess who it is
okay these kids don't know it but they
just hit the jackpot
this is the workshop of the inventor of
these robots and if they took a moment
to look around the room
they'd realized there was a goldmine of
both weapons and information that could
be used to destroy these creatures
first on the wall next to his desk are
tons of sketches of the robots that
would tell them where the off switch is
hiding and where the batteries are
stored
even if they're just seven-year-old kids
all they need to do is look at the
sketches and they're going to learn
something about how to deal with these
deadly machines
now if this doesn't work we can go with
plan b and go full kevin mcallister on
them
this guy has a welding helmet here and
an old school gasoline blowtorch
now under no circumstances should a
seven-year-old kid who's still watching
banana splits be playing with a
blowtorch of any kind
except when you and your entire family
are being hunted by serial killing
robots
if i was this kid i would grab this
thing immediately because it would be
the most effective weapon to fight them
off
their suits are pure cotton and plastic
and gas-filled blow torches like this
can burn as hot
as 1 300 degrees celsius so they would
light on fire
insanely fast instead they all run away
and miss out on the only chance in their
lives where they can justifiably play
with fire and not get in trouble for it
meanwhile on the main stage the producer
is waiting with the dad when a spotlight
suddenly turns on revealing fleegle
standing nearby
the woman orders it to stand down but it
won't obey any of her commands and grabs
her by the throat
she manages to break out of the robot's
grip but feigl here isn't going to show
any mercy to her now and it's decided to
officially turn this into a death game
the animatronic sets the stage and
throws him onto a mattress but when the
producer tries to run away fleegle here
stops the woman by breaking her fingers
the robot commands them to run the
sloppy time course just like on the tv
show and the humans have no choice but
to obey
they tread through the gauntlet but when
they finally reach the end of the course
the man finds a robot dog standing on
the platform and the producer realizes
that the blue key is missing
that's when fleegle here raises it up
and as the woman realizes what's about
to happen it's too late
the robot takes the key and stabs the
dad in the back before tossing the man
over the railing to his death
jumping down into the ball pit the
producer is relieved thinking that she's
just won the race but as she climbs out
drooper here steps in front of her and
bashes her head in with a hammer
okay they should have seen this coming
because there's no way these
animatronics were going to let any of
them live
so far we've seen them shove a lollipop
down someone's throat forced a girl to
saw her boyfriend in half
cut a man's head off and place it back
on perfectly to make him look alive and
burn this man's face off there's no room
in this pattern for winners and the
first person to realize this is going to
have a much better chance at staying
alive
personally instead of trying to win the
game i would let the other player go
first and when we get to this point in
the obstacle course i would wait for
them to reach the top platform
and make a dashboard on this lower deck
the producer here has the best chance at
escaping
not only because she's second place but
she also knows all the ins and outs of
this studio
with that in mind it's an easy decision
to bolt for it and leave this man behind
for the animatronics to finish him off
honestly this guy never even tried to
look for his daughter after she got
captured and all he's done is sit around
pouting about his face
he's a bad parent and that makes this a
much easier decision for us to make
the kids are trying to find a way out of
the building but they have no idea where
to go
that's when snarky the elephant enters
through the door blocking their only
exit
and with no escape harley here
approaches the animatronic and does the
most ridiculous thing
you could imagine dancing their
signature move the kid begins a snorky
shuffle and the animatronic is just as
confused as you are
but then he joins in the kid asks for
help and snarky gently takes his hand
and begins to leave the children out of
the room okay i was not expecting that
to work
but this was a major breakthrough
because it confirms that as long as
you're a kid
you can reason with these animatronics
and it might just save your life
that means if we find a common goal then
we can negotiate a release and it just
so happens that right now
harley and all the animatronics
interests are aligned
earlier in the workshop the mechanic
told the kids the reason these robots
are so angry isn't just from bad
programming it's because they found out
their show is being cancelled and now
that the network has shut it down
the animatronics are going to put on
their own show of pure carnage
harley here is a super fan and since he
doesn't want the show cancelled either
they can work together to bring it back
in the studio's offices the tour guide
tries to call the police and discovers
the landline doesn't work
she pulls out the bags of confiscated
phones in hopes of using one but she's
shocked to find all of them have been
smashed to pieces
leaving the office the woman walks down
through the corridors and turns around
to see drooper walking after her he
tracks the girl to the main stage but
doesn't realize she's hiding in the ball
pit
by the way this is the worst possible
place to hide because if you've ever
been inside a ball pit you'd know that
every tiny movement will create a ripple
effect on all the other balls around you
even your chest moving as you breathe
will give your position away
if trooper here has found you there's
also no way to run away from him because
it's a dead end
i would have hid under the seats here
because i'd want to put something
between myself and the robot that gives
me another path to run away but also
because it's incredibly dark and we have
a pretty good chance of not being seen
all of a sudden someone pulls her out
austin here tells her not to worry but
his mother tells her that the kids were
taken by one of the animatronics
paige here remembers that there's
someone who might be able to help them
and takes them to the mechanics workshop
she asks the men how they can stop the
robots but he claims they can't be
stopped
worried about her kids the mother tells
them they were taken by the animatronics
and the man assures her they won't be
haunt
that's when her son austin hears music
playing behind them and the group
discovers
it's coming from a secret hatch in the
floor the mechanic reveals that this is
where banana splits will be hosting
their new show to all the abducting
children and the group armed themselves
with weapons to rescue the kids
this girl's about to follow them when
she spots an unfinished animatronic
hanging on a hook
and finds out it's parts for a 5th
banana split character the mechanic was
building
remembering how the robots murdered her
boyfriend she puts on the unfinished
parts and decides to take her revenge on
the mechanic
meanwhile the rest of the group make
their way through an underground tunnel
system but the tour guide slips on a
puddle of blood
finding the bodies of all the other
grown-ups from the audience
that's when they hear kids screaming in
the distance and go to rescue them
the group finds that the banana splits
are hosting a nightmare version of their
favorite show and are using their
murdered victims as props
they plan on keeping the kids here
forever to watch it and it's the most
disturbing thing you could ever
imagine the group sinks over to where
the children are kept prisoner and tried
to break them out of their
chains but that's when the animatronics
pull out the wheel of endings with a
network head
strapped to it page here spots harvey
and the other kids coming down the
stairs with snorky and the robot chains
them with the other kidnapped children
okay i know what you're thinking where
do i sign up because as a kid
parents never let you watch anything
rated r and it's frustrating
these robots are willing to show us the
craziest and it's definitely disturbing
as all hell but i'll bet you these kids
will remember it for the rest of their
lives
all joking aside the obvious solution to
this is that the show
must go on first of all they aren't
harming the children except
psychologically and for the rest of
their lives but the kids are sitting
here
unharmed so as much as we might want to
protect these children for witnessing
something horrific it's just gonna get
us caught and killed
the best thing to do is to create a
distraction here to lure the
animatronics away from the show so that
the mother would help the children
escape
i would push austin out from hiding so
the banana splits could see him
and he would have no choice but to run
away the more diversions we can create
the better chances we have of setting
these kids free and getting them out of
here
locked to a seat harley here begs the
robot elephant not to do this and has
chosen the key to their shackles
letting the kid secretly take it without
anyone knowing everyone watches as the
other animatronics spin the wheel of
endings and it lands on banana split
no one has any idea what it is but beth
here runs out from her hiding place and
tells the kids to close their eyes
as the animatronics begin to rip the man
off the wheels
they slowly split this guy apart turning
him into a limbless corpse
using the key he was given harvey here
frees the rest of the kids on their
chains and they all head for the exit
the mother is left alone to face the
machines by herself and she knocks
fleegle the dog to the ground
as drooper grabs and tosses her to the
ground recovering
flegal drags her over to a flamethrower
to burn her to death but austin comes to
the rescue and jams his crowbar
into its head furious drooper here
knocks them both out
the animatronic reaches down and starts
to strangle the mother but that's when
hardly here
saves the day he still has his birthday
wand and throws it across the room
catching it she extended straight to the
robot's head and kills the second
animatronic
with the family reunited they leave the
stage and the killer robots behind them
running back through the underground
corridors their way out is suddenly
blocked by bingo here and it looks like
there's no hope but snorky the elephant
leaps out of hiding and tackles the
other animatronic to the ground
the two robots get into a fight but
neither of them survived the brawl
harley here mourns the death of his
favorite character as they all realize
snorky here
died a hero outside the soundstage beth
here heads to the car
when her husband limps up to her with
blood on his face and arms
he survived his run-in with snorky
earlier and begs to be taken back
but the woman is having none of it she
punches him out and tells him she wants
a divorce making it clear
he'll have to call an uber for the
foreseeable future but what do you think
how would you beat the banana splits let
me know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day